ci(config): add Configuration Registry CI jobs, pre-commit hook, and docs (#17875)
DataDog/dd-trace-py: docs/contributing.rst

Read the docstrings in ``ddtrace/internal/telemetry/writer.py`` for more comprehensive usage information
about Instrumentation Telemetry.

Configuration Registry
----------------------

When you add a new ``DD_*`` or ``OTEL_*`` environment variable to ddtrace, you must also register it in
two places.

**1. Local registry** (``supported-configurations.json``)

Add an entry for the new variable following the existing schema, then regenerate the generated module::

    python scripts/supported_configurations.py

Stage and commit both ``supported-configurations.json`` and
``ddtrace/internal/settings/_supported_configurations.py``. The pre-commit hook will catch any mismatch
before commit, and the CI ``check`` job will enforce it on every PR.

**2. Central Configuration Registry** (FPD)

> 

Reviewer: This should note that if the data on the registry does not match local data, we need to create a new version in the registry and use that version locally.

The key must also be added to the `Datadog Configuration Registry <https://feature-parity.us1.prod.dog/#/configurations?viewType=configurations>`_
by an **internal contributor**. If the key already exists because another tracer language already

> registered it, this step can be skipped.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
by an **internal contributor**. If the key already exists with the same settings (default value, type) because another tracer language already
registered it, this step can be skipped.
```

> Not adding the key to the central registry will cause the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not adding the config and implementation details to the central registry will cause the
```
